guys will be teaching you how
as does the introduction and the sun of
theater and felipe music
First, let's start with the
part of the introduction to music ellen do
but starts a smaller note that is smaller
then that beginning, that introduction
will basically start thus leaving
so I'm going to sleep a little keyboard
pick up here
ae
see if I get the note â button
I mean after picking up the key is
Correct is codó and to key
We need to make a simple turn.
or basic whatever way you
mayors stop at there minor
I do not know how to sing one has a good athlete
having singing to do the part of the
Only then to get better to take the
from the ground
the staff is doing it again
the jail